{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Jack Agnew Creator\'92s Statement\
\
\
As explained in my README, the basis for my project was the common critiques of modern music with which I do not agree overlaid with music representing each viewpoint. However, now I\'92d like to talk more about the experience from a technical side. First and foremost , the critique audio clips are going through a harsh EQ on both ends to provide a \'93radio\'94 feel and a mid-strength reverb. Then, I automated some overdrive to slowly ramp up the intensity as the clips go on. For the song to speed up, I simply automated the Master Tempo track. The Apple Library loops are all panned out slightly, allowing the terrible song to fill up every nook and cranny of the listener\'92s ear - isn\'92t it just lovely. For the Amen Break video snippet, I repeated the end of the phrase while transposing down the pitch and automating a devolving bitcrush to fade out the quality. For the actual Amen break, I simply exported a loop of the final beat from the beginning and pasted it in place of a snare in a self-played break. These self played parts are very low on effects, just slight reverb and compression. Overall, I found this assignment to be a really fun way to get incredibly creative and experimental, as well as test my abilities in a digital audio workstation - hopefully to a fulfilling result. I will say, finding, converting, and importing the YoutTube clips was an absolute hassle, and next time I\'92ll probably just stick to music.}